Feature/region support (#326)
NOAA-CSL/MELODIES-MONET: docs/users_guide/region_selection.rst

Selecting regions
=================

MELODIES-MONET has different ways to mask/select a specific region.

The easiest, and often most precise, is to have that region defined in the observations/paired data.
In this case, the variable/column that defines the region of interest should be selected as 
`domain_type` in the YAML file, and the name of the region to select should be provided as `domain_name`.

> If that data are not available in the observations, another option is to provide a lonlat box, which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the regional metadata are not available in the observations, another option is to provide a lonlat box, which
```

> can be defined by setting `domain_type: auto-region:xxxxx`, where `xxxxx` can be `epa`, `giorgi` or 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be defined by setting `domain_type: auto-region:xxxxx`, where `xxxxx` can be `epa` or `giorgi`, or setting
```
